[Refactor] Add explicit concept of 'source_root' to Tach (#121)
gauge-sh/tach: docs/configuration.md

- docs/
- tach.egg-info/
- tests/
source_root: backend
exact: true
disable_logging: false
ignore_type_checking_imports: true
```

## Source Root

> The `source_root` key is critically important for Tach to understand the imports within your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `source_root` key is necessary for Tach to understand the imports within your project.
```

By default, `source_root` is set to `'.'`, which means Tach will expect that your Python imports are resolved relative to the directory in which `tach.yml` exists (call this the 'project root').

Below is a typical case in which `source_root` is necessary.

### Example

Suppose your repository contains a subfolder where all of your Python code lives. This could be a web server, a collection of serverless functions, or even utility scripts.
In this example we will assume the Python code in our repo lives in the `backend/` folder.
```
my_repo/
  tach.yml
  backend/
    module1.py
    module2/
      __init__.py
      service.py
    module3.py
  docs/
  tests/
```

In an individual Python module such as `backend/module1.py`, we might see imports from other modules.
```python
# In backend/module1.py

import module3
from module2.service import MyService
```

Notice that these import paths (`module3`, `module2.service.MyService`) are rooted in the `backend/` folder, NOT the project root.

> To indicate this structure to Tach, you could set `source_root: backend` in your `tach.yml`, or use [`tach mod`](usage.md#tach-mod) and interactively mark the `backend` folder as the source root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To indicate this structure to Tach, set `source_root: backend` in your `tach.yml`, or use [`tach mod`](usage.md#tach-mod) and interactively mark the `backend` folder as the source root.
```
